_-
In 1953, the same year the CIA/MK ULTRA program was formed, Dick (Richard Claxton) Gregory left college to join or was drafted into the U.S. Army, where his commanding officer (Ft. Hood, Texas, Ft Lee, Virginia or Ft. Smith) designated and assigned him as a black “comedian” to host and perform comedy routines in military shows. That’s interesting that the U.S. Military will make you a “comedian”, too.

In 1953, Hugh Hefner setup Playboy, which was eventually revealed to be banked by the CIA.  Sometime before 1961, Dick Gregory formed some type of special personal relationship with Hefner (Mythological PUCK). In 1961, Hefner put Gregory on the payroll of his Chicago Playboy Club that opened the door to his HollyWeird career. It is more accurate to say that the “Gates of Hell” had opened upon him. In other to join Hefner’s elite secret satanic circle at that high CIA level of secrecy, Gregory had to have been initiated by a blood sacrifice (late 2 month old, Richard Claxton Gregory, Jr.?) into a subservient lower ranking black Luciferian group like the Prince Hall Freemasons or one of the Greek Hellenized societies.

Gregory is openly known to be a Hellenized Negro, an Alpha Phi Alpha (secret Boule) man. Gregory’s X signal not only represents Skull & Bones and the Brotherhood of Death, it is a sign of the Royal DRAGON race of Old England. 

Some of the symbols Dick Gregory hides behind strongly suggest that he is also a blood oath secret Prince Hall, York Rite or Scottish Rite 33 degree Master Mason. An Official MASONIC Portrait of Norman Vincent Peal ‘Cutting’ of two secret Masonic signal signs visible Crossed Arms = ‘Skull & Crossbones and “Hidden Hand.” Both Peale and Gregory- ‘Blue Tie for ‘Blue Lodge’ In 1962, Hefner wrote the introduction to Gregory’s book, From the Back of the Bus.


Dick Gregory is just as dual natured (Satanic Principle) as his friend, Bill Cosby. Like his friend, there are always by his own admission two sides to Dick Gregory, (Light vs. Dark) Good and diabolical EVIL that transcend the moral boundaries of original men. These kind of shadow people give me and creeps and nightmares.

By murals openly visible at the Playboy Mansion, Hefner is associated with a secret elite Dionysian Cult. Once secret Luciferian rituals hidden away within the Playboy Mansion, Hefner’s Dionysian Cult is now associated with an annual public Shakespearean “A Midsummer Night’s Dream Party (Rite).”

The Worship of Dionysus is generally considered to have started in Phrygia (Turkey) in Asia Minor between 1200 and 1000 B.C. The CULT became known for its extensive use of trance-inducing music, sex orgies, wine consumption, and the large amount of violent sacrifices, which in the earlier stages, included humans. As a Mystery Cult, it had public and secret rites, which should be the same case with Hefner’s Cult. One of the rites included the Maenads, a group of insane woman involved in bizarre blood rituals. This included the ripping apart of human beings and eating their flesh. During this time, they were possessed by Bacchus who provided them with superhuman strength. Nicholas de Vere (The de Vere Family), in his book “The Origin of The Dragon Lords of the Rings”, adds:

“The Dionysic Rites were cannibalistic and vampiric and echo the era of the cannibalism and vampirism of the (Titanic) era of the sons of the Nephilim.”


The de Vere Family was involved in the practice of Royal Witchcraft and his family considered themselves members of the Archdruid-DRAGON Kings and Fairy Queens’ race. The very rare Dragon or Fairy gene is Ubaid Sumerian-Scythian in origin.


In England during the late 1500s and early 1600s, the secret Dionysic Cult consisted of Sir William and Robert Cecil, John Dee, his student Edward de Vere,  above, Edmund Spenser, Sir Francis Bacon, Queen Elizabeth I, King James I, and several others. John Dee was the founder of Enochian Magic and is credited with writing “The Rosicrucian Secrets.“ This Luciferian Royal Circle is generally considered to have been responsible for the creation of European Rosicrucianism, Freemasonry, and Enochian Magic.


A Midsummer’s Night Dream came out of this elite Royal Luciferian Circle that is said to have included seeds of the Archdruid-DRAGON race. “Midsummer’s Eve is a celebration of pagan origins intended to coincide with the summer solstice. In Gaelic folklore, the hours between dusk and dawn are said to be closer to the underworld and a special time when fairy activity is at its peak. This time was also said to be a period for witches to harvest magical plants (Illes 212); correspondingly, it is during this time that Oberon asks PUCK to fetch him that love-bewitching flower that turns the play into a love comedy.  Oberon and Titania are the king and queen of fairy land who are introduced as having a personal dispute with each other; both entities are depicted as each keeping a multitude of servants: “Enter Oberon  with his train, and Titania  with hers” (Shakespeare 406).  They seem to mimic and contrast the uncaring Athenian aristocratic society; falling under the category of trooping fairies, these entities can be ‘subdivided into the Heroic Fairies  are the aristocracy of fairyland. They have as a rule a king and queen, and they pass their time in the manner of the medieval nobility.’ ”


“Hugh Hefner is depicted as “PUCK” from Rosicrucian (the cult of Rosicrucianism is heavily involved in mind control; evidenced by their potential programming of Sirhan Sirhan  ) , Francis Bacon’s A Midsummer Night’s Dream which the ‘party’ is named after. Though this depiction is not common for Puck in “the bard”‘s play (his plays will not have solely been written by Bacon, but by a group of well-connected individuals wanting to shape the English language/program the masses through it’s themes just like they do today through the far more invasive modern media; “William Shakespeare” was just a puppet actor ), Hefner’s image here is more akin to a Satyr: “The Satyrs were mythological creatures with the upper part of their body of a man and the lower half of a goat. The leader of the Satyrs was god Pan . Usually the Satyrs resided in woods and mountains or were accompanying the Greek god of wine  Dionysus on his journeys, dancing around joyfully with the Nymphs .”


 In 2009, the lonely and desperate cry of Sheri Denise Allred was briefly heard. She made a hopeless attempt to expose Hugh Hefner’s ultra secret and elite CIA/MK ULTRA pedophile ring and Dionysian Cult by filing a badly drafted pro se complaint for damages in the Los Angeles Superior Court. She claimed that she had been ritually sexually abused by Hefner’s Luciferian Circle since 5 years old. According to MK ULTRA usual practices, age 5 and below is the idea impressionate period to begin slitting off alternative personalities from the original personality to create multiple personality disordered mind control subjects.

Sheri talked about having a hat covering her head where everyone in the world can hear her thoughts and transfer thoughts to her hat from god. She may be talking about EEG Skull Caps that are able to read your brain waves for MK ULTRA projects, or implant brain electrodes and microchip brain implants. The technology to read your thoughts have existed for quite sometime. However most interestingly, she talked wildly and extensively about things inside Hefner’s Dionysian Cult and pedophile ring that may have included John Gotti’s Mob, and billionaire J. Paul Getty. She talked about Darren Elliott being involved. Darren Joseph Eliot is a Canadian sports broadcaster and a former professional Los Angeles Kings goaltender.


 She said that Hefner was supposed to be a “centaur of the greek gods.” She was programmed to be an “reincarnation” of “Venus Aphrodite Demilo.” Aphrodite of Milos better known as the Venus de Milo, is an ancient Greek statue. Created sometime between 130 and 100 BC, it is believed to depict Aphrodite, the Greek goddess of love and beauty (Venus to the Romans).

Rosie Huntington-Whiteley looks like Greek goddess, Venus de Milo- Aphrodite, as she poses for a photo in Moscow. I said that to say this. Sheri’s complaint as filed is filled with grammatical errors, misspellings and what appears by first impressions to be off the wall references, but her spelling and references to Hefner’s Dionysian Cult and Greek Mythology are for the most part downright fairly consistently actuate. Similar, but going well beyond Bill Cosby’s allegations of rape and sexual abuses, Sheri’s case also involves drugs, Walt Disney mind control program themes, recovery of repressed memories, amnesia blocks,  and Luciferian layers. It is also interesting that she identified herself as “Allred”, like Attorney Gloria Allred, the Bill Cosby Gatekeeper.

“I also carry the beautifiliest angel lusefer  in me cause I remember being the Goddess Venus see me and odeseyues  God of wine and Zues  … the centaur is suppose to be Hugh Hefner at one point remember how we were horses and the playboy was a horse in Hugh’s little gathering of for say the finest of half horse. And there known to be a rabbit some are jack’s and some are hair’s and some are known as thumber as in the movie from walt Disney bambi, along with being known as a horse their’s shetland’s and clidesdale and what I was known to be a black stallion.”
Walt Disney Black Occult Ritual Attendant Centaurs

By Sheri’s references to black horses and a black father, she appears to be a mixed race (quadroon, Mulatto) young lady. Hefner’s Dionysian Cult, like his European cousins, is DRAGON bloodline (Aryan-Anglo Saxon) exclusively aristocratically centered for their exploitation as in the original early British Shakespearean’s A Midsummer’s Night Dream Rituals.

For the record, as far as Dick Gregory’s good friend Bill Cosby is concerned, both are absolutely blood oath obedient to the secret elite Global Satanic Cabal, CIA and Hugh Hefner as no more than their mere black mind control attendants and recruiters. Dick Gregory is way out on the limb and on the bandwagon of the changing of the guard of America’s Black Satanic Cabal; and the ILLUMINATI movie, Selma. His well wishes to the new order, Welcome and thank you Oprah!

 The CIA/MK ULTRA program is an enormous American shadow government institution dedicated to mind control, mass population control, and force the masses to be completely submissive and subservient to a global satanic semi-divine master controller race.  Since 1953, the MK ULTRA program has evolved into a far reaching vast multi-billion dollar conglomerate of high ranking government officials, military intelligence agencies, corporations, freemasons, lawyers, doctors, clinics, prisons and some of this country’s most esteemed universities and hospitals locked in multiple layers of iron clad blood oath secrecy and security. It has the footprints of the management style of Reichsfuhrer Heinrich Himmler’s SS Satanic Empire.

For over two decades, it existed under a shroud and veil within a secret state before a small fraction of the program was exposed to the public. On December 22, 1974, Seymour Hersh exposed MK-ULTRA in a New York Times article. Headlined, “Huge CIA Operation Reported in US Against Antiwar Forces, Other Dissidents in Nixon Years,” it documented illegal activities, including secret experiments on US citizens during the 1960s and earlier.


That men do not learn very much from the lessons of history is the most important of all the lessons of history. ~Aldous Huxley

Many people seem to believe that the late elite eugenic British writer and philosopher Aldous Huxley (1894- 1963) was the chief architect of the CIA/MK ULTRA-MONARCH program. I strongly disagree.

Aldous Huxley was a prominent member of England’s elite eugenic based secret Anglo Saxon Luciferian societies. Trained at Oxford University, London, Huxley was one of the initiates in the “Children of the Sun,” a Dionysian Cult comprised of the children of Britain’s Roundtable Elite. Among the other initiates were T.S. Eliot, W.H. Auden, Sir Oswald Mosley, and D.H. Lawrence, Huxley’s homosexual lover. By the way, Hefner’s co-Dionysian initiate Huxley’s Culture and the Individual (subject Psychedelics ) was published in Playboy Magazine in November 1963, the same month and year of JFK’s assassination and Huxley’s death.

The type of vast blood oath secret fraternal order within a secret state that has the power to conceal, preserve and unmercifully enforce secrecy of a large multi-level conglomerate such as the MK ULTRA Program would have to have been the Masonic hierarchical Knights of Malta. In 1953, both Allen Dulles, CIA Director, and Himmler’s SS puppet, Hitler’s General, Reinhard Gehlen, were members of the Order of the Knights of Malta and Teutonic Knights (The Order of Brothers of the German House of Saint Mary) that sits at the apex of a vast blood oath fraternal order- a secret state in itself.

At best, Aldous Huxley would have been one of MK ULTRA’s philosophical British godfathers. During WWII, Huxley had been at the top of Himmler’s personal secretary SS-Brigadeführer Wicked Walter Schellenberg’s list to intern at their service to form a greater philosophical structure to global NAZISM.

ILLUMINATI Brits Huxley (British Intelligence) and Dr. Gregory Bateson (CIA agent) would have been important and key “policy” board members, but don’t get it twisted. The CEO of MK ULTRA had been fellow ultra secret Teutonic Knight of the Black Sun, SS Dr. Josef Mengele.

Part of the ILLUMINATI and MK ULTRA’s secret philosophical policy and foundation developed by Huxley contains part of the pseudo racial notions and divisions contained in his 1931 novel, The New Brave World.  One who belongs to the permanent lowest caste in Huxley’s Brave New World known for stunted growth, inferior intelligence- a useful idiot is the Epsilon Caste. Also known as the “Epsilon-minus semi-moron”

“They can´t read and do low work. Epsilons are the only BLACK group. If somebody is an Alpha or an Epsilon is decided by doctors when their life starts. All babies are made in bottles were chemicals influence their development. After the unbotteling electro shocks and sleep-teaching is used to condition the babies till they are 12. So nearly nobody asks why he isn’t an Alpha, because this conditioning erases the real person… A drug called SOMA is used by everyone. It isn’t illegal. But nobody of the lower classes knows that it is drug. Every day after the work they get their ration. This helps people to be happy all the time. This leads to the stability the world controller wants.”


“But in Epsilons … ‘we don’t need human intelligence.’ Didn’t need and didn’t get it. But though the Epsilon mind was mature at ten, the Epsilon body was not fit to work till eighteen. Long years of superfluous and wasted immaturity. If the physical development could be speeded up till it was as quick, say, as a cow’s, what an enormous saving to the Community!”

Sir Francis Bacon’s  The Tempest of the early Royal Dionysic Cult provides an important parallel to Huxley’s Brave New World, and the two texts relate to one another on many levels.

Shakespeare’s Tempest portrays Caliban, son of a demon and witch, as a BLACK angry, violent figure, who could easily be interpreted as less than human, ruled by bestial (animal) appetites rather than higher instincts. Caliban’s SOMA (God) is liquor. Caliban is a savage and an useful and necessary idiot enslaved/controlled by a SOMA to advance and serve European colonialism and the British Empire. As you see as a matter of policy, the ILLUMINATI and MK ULTRA’s secret permanent pseudo lower Epsilon Caste are branded, the global Black Masses.

The Fall of Bill Cosby & Rise of the LESBIANIC Black Satanic Cult


The ILLUMINATI’s useful idiot, Bill Cosby, is being symbolically phased out as the paternal “Head Negro” of America’s Black Satanic Cabal. In 1965, almost instantly Demonic Cosby, I Spy- CIA Agent, rose to become one of mass media’s IMAGES of black success and enterprise primarily as the dualistic opposite of the IMAGE of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. Dr. King’s world IMAGE was organized mass “Black Resistance” to the brave new world order.


After Dr. King’s Assassination in 1968, the BLACK POWER IMAGES of SNCC- Stokely Carmichael, H. Rap Brown, Bobby Seale UNITED with the Black Panther Party for Self Defense moved into the forefront of the IMAGE of mass population “resistance” to the New World Order (NWO). However, the IMAGE that they feared most was a relatively unknown and uncontrollable factor,  HUEY P. NEWTON.


In the dualistic opposite to mass resistance, Cosby’s IMAGE moved into mass population submission and diversion- paternal “Fatherhood.”


Cosby’s fall from grace was easy because his IMAGE has always been false and an ILLUSION. Cosby’s mind had been conditioned by the CIA Occult Bureau (Ahnenerbe) and British Intelligence to believe that he was a DIVINE creature among those of the FALLEN ANGELS formed of a dual nature that transcends GOOD and EVIL. Cosby’s fall is bringing to the center a new and more diabolical international LESBIANIC (Oprah Winfrey)  cast of useful idiots of America’s Black Satanic Cabal, and new false IMAGES and ILLUSIONS shaped, molded and controlled by the Old Royal Satanic Houses of the British Empire.

The reverse meaning of the hands clenched together in a raised position in the Selma Poster can only mean a “Seal  of Blood Oath Secrecy and Concealment” that will overcome “resistance” to a New World Order. I wasn’t feeling Selma from the very beginning. For people of color, HollyWeird isn’t in the business of educating, empowering or making you feel good about anything. It will take every moment to torture and humiliate you subliminally.


For one bit of GOOD information HollyWeird feeds you, it indoctrinates you with three bits of EVIL disinformation, whether directly or subliminally. It is scientific based mental conditioning of programmed mass submission just as below to the NWO.

It is ongoing psychological warfare- a battle for your minds. Selma is an ILLUMINATI movie. It is the blatant product and agenda of a new and more sinister collaboration between the American Black Satanic LESBIANIC Cabal and the Royal Satanic Houses from Archaic Europe.

Not so funny, Wanda Sykes and Seal of Secrecy, One of Oprah’s Nasty Anti-Male LESBIANIC Foot Soldiers.

Wanda Sykes is in with the secret Earth Goddess Cult of Cybele,  Lilith (Lucifer’s Consort)

Oprah’s LESBIANIC Satanic Cabal is not without a historical foundational mythology.  Cybele is an ancient complex goddess equivalent to Magna Mater or “Great Mother”, “Mother of the Gods”, “Mountain Mother”. Cybele’s priests were males who ritually castrated themselves, after which they were given women’s clothing and assumed female identities, who were referred to by one third-century commentator, Callimachus, in the feminine as Gallai. Selma, the ILLUMINATI Movie was made by Brad Pitt’s Plan B, and Oprah Winfrey’s production company, HARPO- Oprah spelled backwards. Likewise, Oprah named her television network “OWN” in reverse “NWO“- NEW WORLD ORDER.

“It’s a language, all right. It’s English.
What do you mean?
It’s English in REVERSE.”

The above clip is English in reverse from the HollyWeird Satanic Cult Classic film, The Exorcist (1973). It is said that one of the Great BEAST 666 Aleister Crowley’s chief insistences in the major law of SATAN was that his followers learn and put into practice the Occult Law of Reversal (Dualism- Satanic Principle). He extolled to his students to consistently, with intensity, practice talking (reverse speech), walking, thinking, and playing phonograph records, backwards.


“I related it more to my upbringing, I grew up in a very Christian environment — a very healthy environment and a loving a family — but there were parameters that I didn’t understand, that I questioned it, and it took me until my adult years until I could really try new things… That was SATANISM, it works really well, I made a pact  and the movie  came out …”  

You must be extremely leery and cautious of whatever ILLUMINATI High Priestess /Witch useful idiot OPRAH WINFREY, and the Masonic Son of LUCIFER are involved in anything particularly Mass Media/Population film projects for Black People.


Selma had been designated to be directed by Lee Daniels, The Butler. It seems that Daniels‘ agenda for Selma was far different than the current mass media vehicle. Ava DuVernay was brought onboard by the ILLUMINATI to direct the Selma film project sponsored by PATHE UK, Brad Pitt’s Plan B and producer Christian Colson.

One Dream Can Change the World ” … train himself to think BACKWARDS by external means, as set … (b) Let him learn to walk BACKWARDS… (e) Let him learn to read BACKWARDS …” (Crowley, Aleister. Magick: Liber ABA, book four, 1994 Ordo Templi Orientis edition, p. 639)  Oprah and Ava, High Witches of the Occult, are playing the Selma March and Dr. King BACKWARDS (in reverse) as if it was a Trance Formation Dream State, and to a point where it never took place in reality.

Ava DuVernay’s British sponsor, Pathe UK, is part of Société Pathé Frères founded in Paris, France on September 28, 1896 by brothers Charles, Émile, Théophile and Jacques Pathé, during the first part of the 20th century, Pathé became the largest film equipment and production company in the world as well as a major producer of phonograph records. It is one of Europe’s oldest and most powerful film companies. British Pathe is very close, if not an eternal part, of the British Royal Family, Empire and Freemasonry.

Pathe’s universal emblem is the rooster- an ancient universal Sun Solar Symbol because its crowing announces the dawn. “…not all Egyptians worship the same gods–the only two to be universally worshipped are Isis and Osiris, who, they say, is Dionysus” (II.42.2); “Horus is the Apollo, Osiris the Dionysus, of the Greeks” (Herodotus, II.144.2).

The Occult Symbolism of the rooster is that it represents a specific attribute of the Greek God Apollo. A rooster was ritually sacrificed to Asclepios, son of Apollo and god of medicine, because the bird heralded the soul of the dead that it was to guide to the Otherworld. Asclepios is also the god who, by his healing powers, brought the dead back to life on earth.

In 1930, Myron C. Fagan served as “Writer Director” with “Pathe Pictures, Inc.,” then owned by JKF’s ILLUMINATI father, Joseph P. Kennedy, U.S. Ambassador to the Court of St. James, London (1938-1940). Mr. Fagan subsequently devoted all of his time and efforts to writing monthly “NEWS BULLETINS” for “C. E. G.” in which he has kept up the fight to alert the American people to the plot to destroy the sovereignty of the United States of America and the ensuing enslavement of the American people in a UNITED NATIONS’ “One World Government.“

Mae Brussell said that the late Congressman Larry McDonald was a national leader of the John Birch Society, which was exceedingly active in Dallas preceding the Kennedy Assassination, who created a organization called “Western Goals“. Western Goals had offices in Germany run by Eugene Wigner that fed data to the Hitler’s  General and Himmler’s SS Puppet/ Knight of Malta Reinhard Gehlen’s Org/CIA. On the board of Western Goals were such Cold Warriors as Edward Teller, Admiral Thomas Moorer, and Dr. Hans Senholt, once a Nazi Luftwaffe pilot. Admiral Moorer had been the Pentagon Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff from 1970 until 1974. He was at a high level of shadow government  “Blood Oath Secrecy and Concealment” with Lucifer’s Servants, the Underground THIRD REICH in America.

Ava DuVernay was recently officially Hellenized by Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority, Inc., as an honorary member. However, her “Elder Sign” finger symbol indicates that she had been a high ranking blood oath useful idiot for the ILLUMINATI for quite sometime.

Alpha Kappa Alpha’s International President Attorney Carolyn House Stewart presided over the formal induction. The United Nations Association of the USA (UNA-USA) and Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority (AKA), Inc. have embarked on a new partnership with the aim of creating global citizens and fostering new audiences to better support the United Nations and the NWO.
The Most Excellent Order of the British Empire (MEOBE) is an order of chivalry established on June 4, 1917 by King George V. Queen Elizabeth II is also the Royal Patroness of the Grand Lodge of England.

In Selma, Dr. Martin King, Jr. and Coretta Scott King are portrayed by British ILLUMINATI useful idiots, David Oyelowo and Carmen Ejogo. President Lyndon B. Johnson and former Alabama Governor George Wallace are portrayed by British actors Tom Wilkinson and Tim Roth, respectively.

Carmen Ejogo, Elizabeth of France, Wife of King Philip IV (1602-1644) and King James I of England (1506-1625) displaying an ancient secret society Rosicrucian Hand/Finger Symbol . Ejogo’s unnatural finger/hand gesture or Triad Claw/Marrano gesture signals the letters M & W, which symbolize 666 from the three V’s. The letter V is “waw” in Hebrew and “vav” in Gematria and is the 6th letter in both.

San Ignacio de Loyola, who founded the Jesuits by approval of Pope Paul III in 1539, came from a “Marrano” family…from every indication. In fact, strong and credible confirmation comes from none other than Benjamin Disraeli, an ethnic Jew and the Prime Minister of Great Britain in 1868 and 1874-1876, who wrote in his book “Coningsby” (London, 1844) that “the first Jesuits were Jews“. It is interesting that Loyola was compelled to repeatedly deny “Jewish” ethnicity.

The term “Marrano” is a Spanish expression which means “secret Jew“, i.e. a falsely converted Jew. Therefore, on the one hand, Ignatius Loyola displayed an outward show of Catholic devotion but in dramatically contradictory fashion…appears to have been a member of “Alumbrado” which was a forerunner to the Illuminati organization (the word “Alumbrado” is simply a Spanish translation for the term “Illuminati“) and another suspected Kabbalah concoction. Alumbrado devotees manifested a strangely conflicting mixture–many expressions of “godly” sentiments in their outward displays…but bizarre goings-on in their private meetings which fit the descriptions occult practices, and even of satanic ‘possession’ or interaction. 


These people conceal their true motives behind ILLUSIONS, symbols and gestures. Oyelowo as Dr. Martin King, Jr. disguised in Subliminal Masonic Symbolism. On British television, Oyelowo starred on a TV series romanizing British Intelligence, MI5.  Oyelowo’s hero is Christopher Nolan (Dark Knight Rises).


Christopher Nolan, above, leaving Dark Night Rises after party at the Freemason’s Hall in London. Freemasons’ Hall  is the headquarters of Prince Philip’s United Grand Lodge of England and the principal meeting place for Masonic Lodges in London. The notion that the Dark Knight Rises is an Anti-Masonic propaganda film is disinformation. It is said that elite powerful Luciferians usually sit in secret temple chambers and demonize and cast spells on HollyWeird films before release.


The Dark Knight Rises was the inspiration for the mass murder/slaughter of 12 innocent people by the CIA/MK ULTRA JOKER (James Holmes) in Aurora, Colorado.  I suspect that Luciferians also demonized and filled Selma, the ILLUMINATI Movie with demonic spirits and energies to also drive you insance.


In the first instance, Oprah, David Oyelowo, and Ava DuVernay, above, appear normal in the IMAGE of an innocent mutual front of affection and admiration for each other as exceptional artists. However, these are demonic people that as general practice in the public hide behind Smoked Mirrors, false IMAGES and ILLLUSIONS. The true motives behind their unified IMAGE represents a secret Son of Satan initiation ceremonial rite that is opposite/backward to an ancient sacred Osirisian “confirmation ceremony” out of the Land of Kemet.

The ancient Kemetic “Confirmation Ceremony” is related to the feast “Appearance of the King” is likewise known from inscriptions on the Palermo stone. This feast was held immediately after the coronation, as a “Confirmation” of the king’s right to rule. The earliest known mention of this feast dates back to King Djoser king, first pharaoh of the 3rd Dynasty. The Queen is Khamerernebty- Daughter of the God, Priestess of Djehuty , Priestess of Tjazepef, One who sits with Horus, she has her right foot slightly forward initiating her husband, Pharaoh Men-Kau-Re, “Eternal is the Spirit (Ka) of Ra” fifth king of the Fourth Dynasty of Kemet to dine with the Gods. In the Jewish tradition, the confirmation ceremony describe a meal Moses, Aaron, Nadab, Abihu, and the 70 elders met face to face and ate with GOD in a covenant confirmation (or ratification) ceremony.

In the Land of Kemet, “three” was an important number signifying plurality- or unity expressed in plurality. The Menkaure Divine Triad express very complex Kemetic ideologies. Generally, the Kemetic triune conception of deities represent a god appearing under three aspects or modes with-out becoming, in fact, three gods. The members reflect three aspect of one reality.

The Kemetic Divine Triad combines the concepts and symbolism of “three” and “one” and sometimes seen as transforming polytheism in tritheism and monotheism. Before the people, Menkaure has placed the Goddess Hathor and the Goddess of the 17th Nome (uten-ha/Sa-ka/ Cynopolis) sacred to the God Anubis, in the service of the royal ideology ensuring the exercise of power according to sacred symbolic Kemetic cosmology. It also express the pluralistic totality of the DIVINE.

In this case, Oprah and Ava DuVernay deliberately place themselves slightly behind David Oyelowo placing him forward to delve in the realm of (SATANIC) Gods in a REVERSE ritual of Queen Khamerernebty and the goddesses of the Menkaure Triad that placed Pharaoh Menkaure forward to delve in MAAT among the Kemetic Ennead (Cosmic Order).

In both cases, above, King Menkaure step forward with his right foot with fists clenched, conveying his authority in the realm of the living. In opposite, Oyelowo step forward with his left foot with clenched fests (claws) and arm in a Masonic (Brotherhood of Death) position, conveying his authority in the realm of the dead among CHAOS. The significance of the Oprah’s LESBIANIC Triune conception can only be speculated. It may represent a ceremonial link and unity between the leading American Black Satanic Cults taken over by Oprah Winfrey’s LESBIANIC Cabal and the black useful idiots of the Satanic Royal Houses of the British Empire.


In Oprah and Lee Daniels’ ILLUMINATI movie, The Butler, Oyelowo, the Son of Satan, portrayed a false inspired IMAGE of a member of the BPP. Above, Oyelowo is wearing a UK Military Black Beret.


I have no idea what kind of strange black reptilian blouse he is wearing. It is a mass media IMAGE deliberately taken out of uniform for a member of the BPP.  During the early formative years of the BPP, Chairman Bobby Seale constantly impressed upon us the importance of the IMAGE of the BBP. He stressed the significance of being on duty in professional uniform- beret, black leather jacket, black slacks, white or blue shirt, black tie, and polished black leather shoes. Bobby said that a black or white turtle neck sweater was an appropriate substitute if you didn’t have a white shirt and black tie.  Many young brothers couldn’t afford to be in uniform, but proper uniform dress was no exception, but firm BPP policy that I (highlighted below) tried to follow consistently.


Our uniform was vital and a significant part of our IMAGE to win the heart, minds and imagination of the people. Both Bobby and BPP Prime Minister Stokely Carmichael (Kwame Ture) taught us that when the people saw us in consistent rule, discipline, and uniform in a professional manner- it automatically engender an unique positive reflection upon the masses of the people. Thus, they said that our order, discipline, uniform and IMAGE was vital to unity and the liberation of the people. The people had to recognize us as the Vanguard of the People instantly among all others in time of need, crisis, distress and struggle. Our uniform was also a death sentence. Chairman Bobby constantly warned us that under the cloak of night, death squads roamed the streets looking for an opportunity to pick us off alone.


It doesn’t appear as if any of Oprah Winfrey and Lee Daniel’s HollyWeird disordered Panthers are in proper uniform to deliberately negate any sight chance of inspiration among the masses to struggle against the New World Order. Of course, I would ‘t subject myself to being tortured psychologically by any of Oprah’s masterfully bewitched film projects. However, I am almost certain that throughout The Butler that they didn’t invoke the name of the Minister of Defense, HUEY P. NEWTON. Before I conclude, please bear with me just a few more minutes of observations of Selma, the ILLUMINATI Movie.


“I am the hopeful black woman who was denied her right to vote.” -Rapper Common, Golden Glove Awards

“I am the hopeful black woman …” As far as I know, I am not misquoting this useful idiot Negro. He is in with the ILLUMINATI/Satanic program displaying Oprah’s Secret LESBIANIC Cult of Earth Goddess Cybele -Vulva Hand Symbol. The Negro portrays in Selma convicted pedophile,  republican right wing- underground THIRD REICH collaborator and useful idiot, Rev. James Bevel.


The HollyWeird premiere of Selma, the ILLUMINATI Movie was a meeting of the minds of all in with the program. In with the program of Oprah’s LESBIANIC Black Satanic Cabal- the scary and submissive Chris Rock in proper ILLUMINATI/Masonic Recognition. 


” ‘The Hot Chick‘ sends Rob Schneider, otherwise known as “Deuce Bigalow: Male Gigolo” and “The Animal,” into “Tootsie” land. But apart from waking up in a nightie and leaping about in girlish underwear, the bushy-haired, stubble-faced little comic doesn’t really attempt a drag turn. Instead, he strives to find his inner woman in straight makeup.”

In 2002, Dick Gregory appeared in an appalling, demeaning ILLUMINATI/Satanic, racist, and transgender fairy tale movie called “Hot Chick.” The movie was co-written by the little Zionist prick Rob Schneider veteran of Saturday Night Live. Schneider’s begins his movie plot in Ethiopia in 50 BC during the historical Kingdom of Aksum (aka as the Axum, Aksumite Kingdom, Abyssinia). He says that an Ethiopian princess used a pair of enchanted earrings to open an portal into some else’s mind to escape an arranged marriage by snatching a body of a vessel he called a “slave.” When each woman wears one of the earrings, their bodies magically trade/swap places while their minds remain where they were.

This body snatching concept is an old Satanic concept related to the CIA/MK ULTRA secret Star Gate out of body (Himmler’s SS Vril Society Astral Travel) experimental projects, not AFRICANS.

“Portals to the body allow demons to interact and control humans. Blood sacrifices, symbols, music, drugs and special meditation permit a higher level of demonic attachment and consequently, more spiritual powers to the follower. These powers are the classic occult tricks of divination, telepathy (in fact messages delivered by demons), creation of fire, telekinesis, etc. These are not enhancements on the individual, but merely deeds done by spirits to look like the person has ‘evolved’. “


Schneider’s fairytale earrings pop up in an African- themed store where they are stolen by a white high school female student. One of the earrings is recovered in a stolen car by Schneider’s character that put on the lost earring- a cross gender transfer takes place between his character and the white female. The mystery of the earrings are uncovered by a high school wiccan priestess (Eden) versed in Santeria out of Africa. The transgender shape shifting- body snatcher mystery is traced to a dance club called “Instant Tang” where Dick Gregory is the mocking, degrading and humiliating early 20th Century Negro “bathroom attendant.” He teaches the cross gender shape shifter- body snatcher how to “PEE” like a man.

Please bare with me just a few more minutes. Dick Gregory is a very clever man that often speak through riddles and puzzles. When he jokes about teaching the cross gender shape shifter- body snatcher how to “PEE,” its really a riddle. The other way to open portals to the body to allow demons and other forces to interact and control human behavior that Gregory is well aware of through his Dionysian Cult work with Hugh Hefner and Bill Cosby is through CIA/MK ULTRA Ritual Trauma Based Mind Control. That very classified work programmed mind control victims such as Sheri Denise Allred, discussed above, to trade/swap places with mythological characters such as centaurs, fairies, nymphs, and stone statutes such as  Venus de Milo- Aphrodite to play out demonic fantasies such as Sir Francis Bacon’s  “A Midsummer Night’s Dream Party (Rite)  for the secret global elite DRAGON, Star and Olympian oligarchies, and ruling classes. Gregory’s expertise and experience in Hefner’s secret MK ULTRA/MONARCH mind control programs would certainly have qualified him to be have been a technical adviser to Schneider’s Hot Chick.  Under the veil, he provided the character in Hot Chick with the technical background and support to cross gender shape shift, and body snatch.

One of the secret eugenic based goals of the CIA , British Intelligence and the Global Satanic Cabal through Oprah’s LESBIANIC Cabal’s, Selma, the ILLUMINATI Movie, is to negatively impact and CONTROL the IMAGE and role of Black Male Messianic world figures like Dr. Martin Luther King in war, politics and nation building for a New World Order through masonic/demonic vessels like David Oyelowo. And,  gradually impact, reimage and reshape the Black male’s sphere and power of influence within society and the family through so-called diversity by shrouded racialist homosexual programs. Through MK ULTRA, Dick Gregory provided the very same technical support, “PEE” like a man, to Oprah’s LESBIANIC Black Satanic Cabal.

To negatively impact the masses’ “manly” non comprising and militaristic world IMAGE of HUEY P. NEWTON, Dick Gregory says without qualification that Huey was a “FBI agent” that used the Black Panther Party as a front for their drug dealing. At least 20% of what he says about Huey may be correct, but it’s the 80% that affects the world IMAGE of Huey that he deliberately conceals. The MK ULTRA Complex is also a vast counter-intelligence operations.  The 80% of the story that affects Huey’s story involve MK ULTRA. They extended millions in medical, psychological and technical support to literally body snatch Huey to allow demons, other forces and alternative personalities to control and interact with him. That’s part of the story that Dick Gregory deliberately conceals.

For the record, he lumped Huey beside Eldridge Cleaver as FBI agents.  As far as Cleaver is concerned, I was there when he was first introduced as the BPP’s Minister of Information. At that time, I shared the same concern as the other brothers and sisters, who is he? Where did he come from? Most of us didn’t care for or trust him from the very beginning. From the April 6, 1968 Assassination of Little Bobby Hutton, I have been personally certain of what he was- a government infiltrator and agent. I was there at headquarters manning the front desk like a fly on the wall within a couple of hours before they murdered Little Bobby in cold blood.

However, Huey P. Newton is an entirely different story. There are two Hueys, one before prison and MK ULTRA and one after prison and MK ULTRA. Nevertheless,  they are still afraid of HUEY P. NEWTON even in death.


Huey’s IMAGE and his example of undying love that he expressed for the people without regard for his own life before prison will live on. The secret CIA/MK ULTRA Body Snatching project will set set him apart from others like Eldridge Cleaver that willingly combined with governmental forces and the NWO to murder and imprison our revolutionary just- warrior spirit, and destroy the Will of the People. I will expand on Huey and MK ULTRA in the next post, then conclude the Bill Cosby series.


    There is a lot of things I did not know written here ,certainly Satan has deceived the whole world . Many of us joined the Masons years ago on the advice of our fathers .why not ? father knows best , right ? Thanks be to my heavenly Father that took me out of the powers of darkness ! This brotherhood thing is very deep and concealed . The Masons are the highest order of this darkness and it is Islam , it is Jewish or Judaism and yes their god is Allah or no god at all . If one is real enlightened their god is Buddha and usually they are of the rosy cross of Rosicrucian’s . If one joins a union it is a very good chance you will end up a mason , which is the brotherhood of death . If one is in this brotherhood they will end up abusing their children or their grandchildren or become a whoremonger , that is a fact in which I’ve seen . The Christian world is more screwed up than the Muslim world for they are supporting this nation called Israel and in fact are the very enemies of Christ . It is a fact that I’m very well AWARE that I am of the house of Israel and yes I know how evil or sinful we’ve been . GOD started the Law with Israel (not Jew) and with Israel it will stay ! All the actors of Hollywood become the person they are playing , if one has an evil part you become evil , if you dress up in women’s clothing it is an abomination unto the Lord or if your part calls for long hair like a woman its an abomination unto the Lord . For long hair is for the glory of the woman and it is for her head covering . Anyone following the Jewish fables is a lost soul . No their is not to be a nation of Israel !
    Notorious Jake Bullock, Part Man- Part Spirit? wp.me/p29BtE-70 2 years ago
    Mrs. Elease Bullock-Williams, We Celebrate Your Coming and Birthday wp.me/p29BtE-6B 2 years ago
    My Sweet Belle, Lela Bell Blueford-Bullock & the Parable of the Drowning Man wp.me/p29BtE-32 2 years ago
    I just joined LinkedIn and created my professional profile. Join my network. lnkd.in/R3QyC3 #in 2 years ago
    From the new CNN.com: Field hospital shutting down - http://bit.ly/744ZDI #cnn 5 years ago

